Get iframe id and get website by ID (#2953)
thecodingmachine/workadventure: docs/maps/api-ui.md

```ts
myWebsite.close();
```

> i

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

### Get all UI websites
You can get all websites with the `WA.ui.website.getAll()` method. It returns an `Promise<UIWebsite[]>` instance.

```ts
WA.ui.website.getAll();
```

> ### Get UI website by ID
> You can get a specific website with the `WA.ui.website.getById()` method. It returns an `Promise<UIWebsite>` instance.
> WA.iframeId can be used to obtain the id. This property provides access to the current iframeId of a UIWebsite.
> 
> ```ts
> const websiteId = WA.iframeId;
> WA.ui.website.getById(websiteId);
> ```
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Get UI website by ID
You can get a specific website with the `WA.ui.website.getById()` method. It returns an `Promise<UIWebsite>` instance.
If your code is running inside a UIWebsite iframe, you can use `WA.iframeId` to obtain the id of the current iframe.

```ts
const websiteId = WA.iframeId;
const website = await WA.ui.website.getById(websiteId);
```

```
